# Mission Analytics Platform

## Objective
Improve reactor safety program data analytics and decision support to better serve internal and external stakeholders in a way that is harmonized across the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s (NRC) mission area.


## Background
The reactor safety program has an intensely manual workload management and data retrieval process, resulting from too many disparate systems. This limits data analysis, performance management, and stakeholders’ access to consistent, timely information. This is rooted in uncoordinated business processes that can only produce static, custom reports on an ad hoc basis.

The current Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation (NRR) and Office of New Reactors (NRO) will be re-merging in October 2019. This reorganization will enable the re-formed NRR to improve workload management, data analytics, and decision-making information service delivery for employees, customers, and stakeholders that relies on a consistent approach that unifies analytics framework, tools, and methodologies.

The agency has established a Master Data Management (MDM) program to ensure that the agency mission critical systems and staff have timely access to data collected, stored, and processed across the enterprise. The implementation of the MDM System (MDMS) helped reduce ambiguous sources and eliminate the storage of duplicate information. The system provides controls to improve the completeness and quality of the data, including the establishment of stewards for key data; and provides an enterprise- wide foundation for information sharing and exchange.

# Usage

## Whats included

The current features of this repo include:
- Generating synthetic data, either locally or using a Docker container
- Storing Tableau Workbooks

## Structure
```bash
.
|-- tests                                       # Test related scripts and data
|   |-- generator                               # Synthetic data generator files
|-- deploy                                      # Items to be deployed to Docker containers
|   |-- dashboards                              # Tableau Dashboards
|-- development                                 # Development environment related files
|-- generate_test_data.sh
|-- CONTRIBUTING.md
|-- LICENSE.md
|-- policy.md
|-- practice.md
|-- README.md
```

## Generating Synthetic Data
Synthetic data can be generated by issuing the following commands:
```bash
cd tests/generator
pip install -r requirements.txt
sh run.sh
```
Synthetic data output can be found in:
```bash
tests/generator/data/
```

# Tableau Dashboards
As of the current release, the Tableau Reader/Client/Server applications are not yet included in the repo.
#### Viewing Dashboards
In order to view the current Tableau Dashboards, run Tableau Reader or Client locally on your machine and open the dashboard of interest using the Tableau UI.
Offical Instructions: https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-gb/environ_workbooksandsheets_workbooks.htm#open-workbook-windows

Dashboards can be found in the following folder:
```bash
deploy/dashboards/
```
Note: `.twbx` files are packaged Tableau Workbook files which do not require external data.

# Legal & Credits

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.

## Public domain

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE.md). As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> This project is in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
>
> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.

### Credits

This policy was originally forked from the [Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's policy](https://github.com/cfpb/source-code-policy). Thanks also to [@benbalter](https://github.com/benbalter) for his [insights regarding CFPB's initial policy](http://ben.balter.com/2012/04/10/whats-missing-from-cfpbs-awesome-new-source-code-policy/).